UNIT FILE                                   STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount           static         
-.mount                                     generated      
boot.mount                                  generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                         static         
dev-mqueue.mount                            static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                          static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount               static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount               static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                     static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                      static         
tmp.mount                                   static         
var-lib-machines.mount                      static         
var-lib-nfs-rpc_pipefs.mount                static         
cups.path                                   enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path           static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path              static         
session-4.scope                             transient      
session-c3.scope                            transient      
abrt-ccpp.service                           disabled       
abrt-journal-core.service                   enabled        
abrt-oops.service                           enabled        
abrt-pstoreoops.service                     disabled       
abrt-vmcore.service                         enabled        
abrt-xorg.service                           enabled        
abrtd.service                               enabled        
accounts-daemon.service                     enabled        
alsa-restore.service                        static         
alsa-state.service                          static         
anaconda-direct.service                     static         
anaconda-nm-config.service                  static         
anaconda-noshell.service                    static         
anaconda-pre.service                        static         
anaconda-shell@.service                     static         
anaconda-sshd.service                       static         
anaconda-tmux@.service                      static         
anaconda.service                            static         
arp-ethers.service                          disabled       
auditd.service                              enabled        
auth-rpcgss-module.service                  static         
autovt@.service                             enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                        enabled        
blivet.service                              static         
blk-availability.service                    disabled       
bluetooth.service                           enabled        
bolt.service                                static         
brltty.service                              disabled       
btattach-bcm@.service                       static         
canberra-system-bootup.service              disabled       
canberra-system-shutdown-reboot.service     disabled       
canberra-system-shutdown.service            disabled       
chrony-dnssrv@.service                      static         
chrony-wait.service                         disabled       
chronyd.service                             enabled        
clean-mount-point@.service                  static         
colord.service                              static         
configure-printer@.service                  static         
console-getty.service                       disabled       
container-getty@.service                    static         
corosync-notifyd.service                    disabled       
corosync.service                            disabled       
crond.service                               enabled        
cups-browsed.service                        disabled       
cups.service                                enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                      enabled        
dbus-org.fedoraproject.FirewallD1.service   enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service          enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service      static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.import1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service         static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service  enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.network1.service       enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service  enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service       enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service      enabled        
dbus.service                                static         
dbxtool.service                             enabled        
debug-shell.service                         disabled       
display-manager.service                     enabled        
dm-event.service                            static         
dmraid-activation.service                   enabled        
dnf-makecache.service                       static         
dnf-system-upgrade-cleanup.service          static         
dnf-system-upgrade.service                  disabled       
dnsmasq.service                             disabled       
dracut-cmdline.service                      static         
dracut-initqueue.service                    static         
dracut-mount.service                        static         
dracut-pre-mount.service                    static         
dracut-pre-pivot.service                    static         
dracut-pre-trigger.service                  static         
dracut-pre-udev.service                     static         
dracut-shutdown.service                     static         
ebtables.service                            disabled       
emergency.service                           static         
fcoe.service                                disabled       
fedora-domainname.service                   disabled       
fedora-import-state.service                 enabled        
fedora-loadmodules.service                  disabled       
fedora-readonly.service                     enabled        
firewalld.service                           enabled        
flatpak-system-helper.service               static         
fprintd.service                             static         
fstrim.service                              static         
fwupd-offline-update.service                static         
fwupd.service                               static         
fwupdate-cleanup.service                    static         
gdm.service                                 enabled        
geoclue.service                             static         
getty@.service                              enabled        
gssproxy.service                            disabled       
halt-local.service                          static         
htcacheclean.service                        static         
httpd.service                               disabled       
httpd@.service                              disabled       
hypervfcopyd.service                        static         
hypervkvpd.service                          static         
hypervvssd.service                          static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                    static         
initrd-cleanup.service                      static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                    static         
initrd-switch-root.service                  static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service           static         
instperf.service                            static         
iscsi-shutdown.service                      static         
iscsi.service                               enabled        
iscsid.service                              disabled       
iscsiuio.service                            disabled       
kdump.service                               disabled       
kmod-static-nodes.service                   static         
ldconfig.service                            static         
libvirtd.service                            enabled        
livesys-late.service                        generated      
livesys.service                             generated      
lldpad.service                              disabled       
lvm2-lvmetad.service                        static         
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                       static         
lvm2-monitor.service                        enabled        
lvm2-pvscan@.service                        static         
man-db-cache-update.service                 static         
mcelog.service                              enabled        
mdadm-grow-continue@.service                static         
mdadm-last-resort@.service                  static         
mdmon@.service                              static         
mdmonitor.service                           enabled        
messagebus.service                          static         
mlocate-updatedb.service                    static         
ModemManager.service                        enabled        
multipathd.service                          enabled        
netcf-transaction.service                   enabled        
netconsole.service                          generated      
network.service                             generated      
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service           enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service          enabled        
NetworkManager.service                      enabled        
nfs-blkmap.service                          disabled       
nfs-config.service                          static         
nfs-idmap.service                           static         
nfs-idmapd.service                          static         
nfs-lock.service                            static         
nfs-mountd.service                          static         
nfs-secure.service                          static         
nfs-server.service                          disabled       
nfs-utils.service                           static         
nfs.service                                 disabled       
nmb.service                                 disabled       
ntpd.service                                disabled       
ntpdate.service                             disabled       
numad.service                               disabled       
openvpn-client@.service                     disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                     disabled       
ostree-finalize-staged.service              disabled       
ostree-prepare-root.service                 static         
ostree-remount.service                      enabled        
packagekit-offline-update.service           static         
packagekit.service                          static         
plymouth-halt.service                       static         
plymouth-kexec.service                      static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                   static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                  static         
plymouth-quit.service                       static         
plymouth-read-write.service                 static         
plymouth-reboot.service                     static         
plymouth-start.service                      static         
plymouth-switch-root.service                static         
polkit.service                              static         
powerline.service                           disabled       
pppoe-server.service                        disabled       
psacct.service                              disabled       
qemu-guest-agent.service                    disabled       
qemu-pr-helper.service                      static         
quotaon.service                             static         
radvd.service                               disabled       
rc-local.service                            static         
rdisc.service                               disabled       
rdma-load-modules@.service                  static         
rdma-ndd.service                            static         
rdma.service                                disabled       
realmd.service                              static         
rescue.service                              static         
rngd.service                                enabled        
rpc-gssd.service                            static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                    static         
rpc-statd.service                           static         
rpcbind.service                             disabled       
rtkit-daemon.service                        enabled        
saslauthd.service                           disabled       
selinux-autorelabel-mark.service            static         
selinux-autorelabel.service                 static         
serial-getty@.service                       disabled       
sheepdog.service                            static         
smb.service                                 enabled        
speech-dispatcherd.service                  disabled       
spice-vdagentd.service                      enabled        
sshd-keygen@.service                        disabled       
sshd.service                                enabled        
sshd@.service                               static         
sssd-autofs.service                         indirect       
sssd-kcm.service                            indirect       
sssd-nss.service                            indirect       
sssd-pac.service                            indirect       
sssd-pam.service                            indirect       
sssd-secrets.service                        indirect       
sssd-ssh.service                            indirect       
sssd-sudo.service                           indirect       
sssd.service                                enabled        
switcheroo-control.service                  enabled        
syslog.service                              bad            
sysstat-collect.service                     static         
sysstat-summary.service                     static         
sysstat.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service               static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service        static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service           static         
systemd-backlight@.service                  static         
systemd-binfmt.service                      static         
systemd-bootchart.service                   disabled       
systemd-coredump@.service                   static         
systemd-exit.service                        static         
systemd-firstboot.service                   static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                   enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                       static         
systemd-halt.service                        static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service           static         
systemd-hibernate.service                   static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                   static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                 static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                static         
systemd-importd.service                     static         
systemd-initctl.service                     static         
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service      static         
systemd-journal-flush.service               static         
systemd-journald.service                    static         
systemd-kexec.service                       static         
systemd-localed.service                     static         
systemd-logind.service                      static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service           static         
systemd-machined.service                    static         
systemd-modules-load.service                static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service        disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                    enabled        
systemd-nspawn@.service                     disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                    static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                  static         
systemd-random-seed.service                 static         
systemd-reboot.service                      static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                  static         
systemd-resolved.service                    enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                      static         
systemd-suspend.service                     static         
systemd-sysctl.service                      static         
systemd-sysusers.service                    static         
systemd-timedated.service                   masked         
systemd-timesyncd.service                   enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service              static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service          static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service              static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                 static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service                static         
systemd-udevd.service                       static         
systemd-update-done.service                 static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service        static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                 static         
systemd-user-sessions.service               static         
systemd-vconsole-setup.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service               static         
tcsd.service                                disabled       
teamd@.service                              static         
timedatex.service                           enabled        
udisks2.service                             enabled        
upower.service                              disabled       
usb_modeswitch@.service                     static         
usbmuxd.service                             static         
user@.service                               static         
vgauthd.service                             enabled        
virtlockd.service                           indirect       
virtlogd.service                            indirect       
vmtoolsd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                  static         
wpa_supplicant.service                      disabled       
xfs_scrub@.service                          static         
xfs_scrub_all.service                       static         
xfs_scrub_fail@.service                     static         
zfs-fuse.service                            disabled       
zram.service                                static         
machine.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                             transient      
user-42.slice                               transient      
user.slice                                  static         
avahi-daemon.socket                         enabled        
cups.socket                                 enabled        
dbus.socket                                 static         
dm-event.socket                             enabled        
httpd.socket                                disabled       
iscsid.socket                               enabled        
iscsiuio.socket                             enabled        
lldpad.socket                               disabled       
lvm2-lvmetad.socket                         enabled        
lvm2-lvmpolld.socket                        enabled        
multipathd.socket                           static         
qemu-pr-helper.socket                       disabled       
rpcbind.socket                              disabled       
sshd.socket                                 disabled       
sssd-autofs.socket                          disabled       
sssd-kcm.socket                             enabled        
sssd-nss.socket                             disabled       
sssd-pac.socket                             disabled       
sssd-pam-priv.socket                        disabled       
sssd-pam.socket                             disabled       
sssd-secrets.socket                         enabled        
sssd-ssh.socket                             disabled       
sssd-sudo.socket                            disabled       
syslog.socket                               static         
systemd-coredump.socket                     static         
systemd-initctl.socket                      static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket               static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket             static         
systemd-journald.socket                     static         
systemd-networkd.socket                     disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                       static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket                static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                 static         
virtlockd-admin.socket                      disabled       
virtlockd.socket                            enabled        
virtlogd-admin.socket                       disabled       
virtlogd.socket                             enabled        
dev-mapper-fedora_hankscorpio\x2dswap.swap  generated      
anaconda.target                             static         
basic.target                                static         
bluetooth.target                            static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                       static         
cryptsetup.target                           static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                         disabled       
default.target                              indirect       
emergency.target                            static         
exit.target                                 disabled       
final.target                                static         
getty-pre.target                            static         
getty.target                                static         
graphical.target                            indirect       
halt.target                                 disabled       
hibernate.target                            static         
hybrid-sleep.target                         static         
initrd-fs.target                            static         
initrd-root-device.target                   static         
initrd-root-fs.target                       static         
initrd-switch-root.target                   static         
initrd.target                               static         
kexec.target                                disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                         static         
local-fs.target                             static         
machines.target                             disabled       
multi-user.target                           static         
network-online.target                       static         
network-pre.target                          static         
network.target                              static         
nfs-client.target                           enabled        
nss-lookup.target                           static         
nss-user-lookup.target                      static         
paths.target                                static         
poweroff.target                             disabled       
printer.target                              static         
rdma-hw.target                              static         
reboot.target                               disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                    disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                        static         
remote-fs.target                            enabled        
rescue.target                               static         
rpc_pipefs.target                           static         
rpcbind.target                              static         
runlevel0.target                            disabled       
runlevel1.target                            static         
runlevel2.target                            static         
runlevel3.target                            static         
runlevel4.target                            static         
runlevel5.target                            indirect       
runlevel6.target                            disabled       
selinux-autorelabel.target                  static         
shutdown.target                             static         
sigpwr.target                               static         
sleep.target                                static         
slices.target                               static         
smartcard.target                            static         
sockets.target                              static         
sound.target                                static         
spice-vdagentd.target                       static         
sshd-keygen.target                          static         
suspend.target                              static         
swap.target                                 static         
sysinit.target                              static         
system-update.target                        static         
time-sync.target                            static         
timers.target                               static         
umount.target                               static         
virt-guest-shutdown.target                  static         
chrony-dnssrv@.timer                        disabled       
dnf-makecache.timer                         enabled        
fstrim.timer                                disabled       
mdadm-last-resort@.timer                    static         
mlocate-updatedb.timer                      enabled        
sheepdog.timer                              disabled       
sysstat-collect.timer                       enabled        
sysstat-summary.timer                       enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer                static         
xfs_scrub_all.timer                         disabled       

429 unit files listed.
